ROS 2 add E-stop (#15)
husarion/joy2twist: README.md

## Button mapping

| Button |     Function      |
| :----: | :---------------: |
|  `LB`  |  enable driving   |
|  `RB`  | slow driving mode |
|  `RT`  | fast driving mode |

If neither `RB` nor `RT` is pressed, the robot operates in *regular* driving mode.

To drive robot use sticks.
By default, linear `X` and `Y` are held by the left stick. Angular `Z` is controlled with the right stick.

### Emergency stop

| Button |      Function       |
| :----: | :-----------------: |
|  `A`   |    Reset E-stop     |
|  `B`   |   Trigger E-stop    |
|  `LT`  | Enable E-stop reset |

> > **NOTE**: Handle of robot's emegency stop is available only when `~e_stop/present` parameter is set true. This funcionality will work with any robot configured as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Handle of robot's emegency stop is available only when `~e_stop/present` parameter is set true. This funcionality will work with any robot configured as follow:
```

Apparently, github changed the syntax and now this is the one that renders properly...

> > **NOTE**: Handle of robot's emegency stop is available only when `~e_stop/present` parameter is set true. This funcionality will work with any robot configured as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: Handle of robot's emergency stop is available only when `~e_stop/present` parameter is set true. This functionality will work with any robot configured as follows:
```
